docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to operator-courier
The following is a set of best practices for contributing to the operator-courier project. For any questions or concerns please reach out to the AOS-Marketplace team: <aos-marketplace@redhat.com>


## Development Environment Setup
This project uses [pipenv](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) to manage dependencies and create virtual environments for development environment.

### Prerequisites
Python3

`sudo dnf install python3`

pipenv

`sudo dnf install pipenv`

tox

`sudo dnf install tox`

### Configure virtualenv, run locally
To test the package locally, we need to install dependent pip packages in a way that does not make modifications to the local environment. To achieve this, start a `pipenv` shell

`pipenv shell`

Inside this environment all of the dependent packages are installed without polluting the local environment. For more detailed info, take a look at their (pipenv's) [starter documentation](https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).


## Coding style

Changes submitted to this project should follow
[PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) recommendations.

We use [flake8](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), a wrapper around
PyFlakes, PyCodeStyle and McCabe, for checking coding style. You might want to
read the documentation on the [error
codes](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/user/error-codes.html), and check the
project specific configuration found in the `[flake8]` section of `tox.ini`.

As `flake8` is part of the default tox envlist, code style is checked whenever
`tox` is run.


## Tests and coverage

This project uses [tox](https://tox.readthedocs.io) for running the tests, in
order to ensure the consistency of the test environments, and make testing
with multiple Python versions (3.6 and 3.7) easier.

After changes in `tox.ini` or major changes in the working tree (after
switching branches or pulling from others), it is recommended to use the
`--recreate` option when running `tox`, to ensure that the test environments
are up to date.

Coverage is measured using [pytest-cov](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-cov/),
and it's configured to fail the tests in case the coverage drops bellow a
certain level. This is intended to ensure that all code changes submitted to
this project are appropriately unit tested. For the current value, see the
`[coverage:report]` section in `tox.ini`.


## Release, Deploy, and Clean the Project

You can use the Makefile that simplifies those processes

- To create a source distribution and a build distribution of the project

  `make release`

- To upload the project to PyPI

  `make deploy`
  
- To clean up artifacts generated by `make release` command

  `make clean`

Commit message:

Update tox for integration tests and add tests for push
- Update tox config to run integration tests
- Add a script that runs the set of integration tests based on Travis build triggering event
- Add integration tests for `push` command

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to operator-courier
The following is a set of best practices for contributing to the operator-courier project. For any questions or concerns please reach out to the AOS-Marketplace team: <aos-marketplace@redhat.com>


## Development Environment Setup
This project uses [pipenv](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) to manage dependencies and create virtual environments for development environment.

### Prerequisites
Python3

`sudo dnf install python3`

pipenv

`sudo dnf install pipenv`

tox

`sudo dnf install tox`

### Configure virtualenv, run locally
To test the package locally, we need to install dependent pip packages in a way that does not make modifications to the local environment. To achieve this, start a `pipenv` shell

`pipenv shell`

Inside this environment all of the dependent packages are installed without polluting the local environment. For more detailed info, take a look at their (pipenv's) [starter documentation](https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).


## Coding style

Changes submitted to this project should follow
[PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) recommendations.

We use [flake8](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), a wrapper around
PyFlakes, PyCodeStyle and McCabe, for checking coding style. You might want to
read the documentation on the [error
codes](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/user/error-codes.html), and check the
project specific configuration found in the `[flake8]` section of `tox.ini`.

As `flake8` is part of the default tox envlist, code style is checked whenever
`tox` is run.


## Tests and coverage

This project uses [tox](https://tox.readthedocs.io) for running the tests, in
order to ensure the consistency of the test environments, and make testing
with multiple Python versions (3.6 and 3.7) easier.

After changes in `tox.ini` or major changes in the working tree (after
switching branches or pulling from others), it is recommended to use the
`--recreate` option when running `tox`, to ensure that the test environments
are up to date.

Coverage is measured using [pytest-cov](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-cov/),
and it's configured to fail the tests in case the coverage drops bellow a
certain level. This is intended to ensure that all code changes submitted to
this project are appropriately unit tested. For the current value, see the
`[coverage:report]` section in `tox.ini`.

In order to run integration tests for the `push` command, you will need to set 
`QUAY_NAMESPACE` and `QUAY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables locally, or add 
them to tox.ini, for example

    setenv =
        QUAY_NAMESPACE = my_quay_namespace
        QUAY_ACCESS_TOKEN = basic aBcDeFaBcDeFaBcDeFaBcDeFaBcDeF==


## Release, Deploy, and Clean the Project

You can use the Makefile that simplifies those processes

- To create a source distribution and a build distribution of the project

  `make release`

- To upload the project to PyPI

  `make deploy`
  
- To clean up artifacts generated by `make release` command

  `make clean`
